welcome guys xavi new top 5 in
the channel this time I bring you the
five songs the five of decks that
I like the pokémon games more
in my opinion of course and as
we always start forward
at number 5 I get nostalgic and it's
it clear who he comes to your
head the number 1 route of red pokemon
when you hear this simple song
but at the same time so addictive the route 1
my mother that great very but that very
good
and this is another great song of the first
generation of pokemon get in
situation the first time you play at
pokemon you come to the league and thanks to
all the high command but hopes that still
the champion remains and your opponent is blue
since the beginning of the game very epic
truth then more epic is with this
wonderful song made exclusively
for the moment or how big is this
my mother of my favorite is of course
we're going from the first pokémon game to
just the last the fight against
blasco of the end of the street victoria in
pokemon ruby or mega an easy alpha is
much more ethical if this song sounds
for the love of alceus or how great that
great song very top
undoubtedly the melody of this song
has something special for me from the time
I heard it I fell in love and it's that
this song is much more comfortable
defeat the plasma team in pokemon
black and white chapeau winfrey that you the
take stage with this one
Beautiful love mother as she is not going to
be at number one this absolute
temazo the fight with red in little woman
greedy a silver apart from epic is a
delight for the ears
waiting to hear it in weeks
very brave
and up to here the top 5 of today and remember
which are according to my opinion and that each one
of you have your own personal top
finally you have the songs in the
description in case you want to hear the
what should you shit in the crib and see
let's follow the more than 8000 likes of the top
Previous would be amazing for you
part
Please put down here the
description which one do you want my
next top 5 and I'll try to do it in
end in Galician greetings and even the
next
goodbye